hi it's me Evan and this video is going
to show you start to finish how to do a
complete board or set on your sewing
week and you may be wondering why you
would choose two rollers that rather
than just straighten or curl using your
hot tools well one reason is if you're
using virgin hair just like with our
real hair he can break it down and if
you want to reuse your investment for
install after install then applying west
of RT is always better to increase the
longevity of the hair the second reason
is if you're taking care of your real
hair and you wash your real hair
underneath I have a full video on how to
wash your so and weave then you want to
make sure that your braids and your
scalp do get completely dry and you're
not just allowing your hair to stay
perpetually wet beneath your sewin
extension so roller setting it will
serve two purposes
it'll style your extensions in your
sewing weave and it will help to dry
your braids underneath and make sure
that your scalp stays healthy and the
third reason is if you want to get
voluminous curls like this and you want
them to last sure you can get it with a
curling iron or flat iron but you're
going to have to do it almost every
morning in order to get that same look
but when you roller set it with a good
setting foam or lotion then the curls
will last you day after day until you're
ready to wash your hair and go with a
different look so stay tuned for this
tutorial I hope you guys enjoy okay the
first thing that I have to do is place
the part where I want it I am wearing a
lace closure so it's really important
that I get that part really defined to
help the hair to lay flat I prefer to
work in quadrants so I section my hair
in half and then such an each half and
half again to make four quadrants or
four sections the hair that I'm not
working with I go ahead and twist and
clip away
I'm using a Denman brush to detangle
make sure the hair is smooth and then
spritzing the section that I'm working
with with water now because I am wearing
a lace closure it's really important to
help that hair to lay flat so I'm using
a foaming revolution by motion and then
I'm making sure to smooth down the
closure really flat and apply extra
product towards the base following that
up with a fine-tooth comb and then I
grab my roller notice that I place the
roller on top the hair this will make
sure if the hair is laying flat against
my head there that's really really
important when you're wearing a weave
with a closure after I roll it to the
base I secure it with two alligator
clips I'll show you that again a little
closer spray the section with water and
I do have my hair out on the edges you
may can see a little bit of my natural
hair there
add the foaming rock lotion or foam
whatever product you choose to use
smooth it with your fingers and then
follow it with a fine-tooth comb to make
sure it's really really detangled and
smooth
and then place the roller on top the
hair and roll up to the base you can
direct the curls in any direction you
want once it's finished you just want to
make sure that your hair towards the
front is laying really flat so it gives
you a natural blend even if you're not
wearing a closure that's important
okay now I'm showing you again on the
other side spring first with water
start a small area near the
base adding my foaming raft lotion
smoothing it out with a small tooth comb
and then I place the ruler on top the
hair and a roll taut with a lot of
tension towards the B
you can see the hair that's in the
center of my head I have the hair
directed over the lower because I wanted
a bit more volume there near the front
for your closure or even where your
natural hair is out to blend with your
wheat it's important that you do the
hair then meet the roller so then I just
continue in that fashion around the
entire head here's what the finished
head looks like after I have it all set
it doesn't have to be perfect it's okay
I like these rollers because they're
vented so it helps my hair to dry a lot
faster and I have the information on
those down the description box I do add
a triangle net to help the roller stay
in place while I Drive it's really
important for me personally and then I
just head under the dryer the
information on this dryer if you're
interested is down the description box
as well it took my hair about power to
July so as I begin to remove the rollers
I just check to make sure each section
is completely dry before you know
disturbing the curl and you can see that
on some of the rollers I did use plastic
picks as opposed the alligator clips
that's completely up to you once I have
all the rollers removed this is what the
curls look like so you can choose how
you want to style your hair from here
you can wrap it to get a really smooth
and straight look if you want I wanted a
bit more of a curly look as you saw in
the beginning so I'll show you how I got
that style I add a bit of shine gloss
serum this is the radiating hair blog by
emotions you can add any serum that's
going to prevent frizz and add a bit of
shine
and then I just broke the crawls up a
bit with my fingers now to smooth out
the section in the front because I
wanted a bit of a flatter look up there
I just took my hand a titanium flat iron
and just smooth out a few pieces towards
the front and the base of my hair I
don't know if you can tell the
difference between the hair that's in
the front and the hair that's in the
center crown of my head where I had the
hair directed over the roller how has a
bit more volume there so that's the
difference in the direction that you
roll the hair whether you place the
roller on top of your hair or beneath
you
and you may can notice that I have
straightened out my hair in the edges so
off-camera and added a bit of edge
control to help fools to blend together
a little bit better and then I just
finger styles into place and here's the
finished look to preserve the curls at
night I pin curl using large bobby pins
and cover with a satin bonnet I hope you
guys enjoy this tutorial and if you
liked it please give me a thumbs up and
subscribe I'd appreciate it you can
always check me out on social media or
my blog roaming the links calm and I
will see you guys in the next video take
care and stay blessed